Add support for additional configuration parameters resources (#3345)
junit-team/junit5: documentation/src/docs/asciidoc/user-guide/advanced-topics/junit-platform-reporting.adoc

  --config=junit.platform.reporting.open.xml.enabled=true \
  --config=junit.platform.reporting.output.dir=reports
----

> Configuration parameters can also be set via a resource path file, by specifying the
> `--config-resource` option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration parameters can also be set in a custom properties file supplied as a classpath resource via the `--config-resource` option:
```
